what is very important for you to know
about the pani Oakland is that it is
your hyperdimensional Stargate your
spiritual antenna your third eye it is
your communication link to higher
dimensions as time has gone on my
ability and means and ways of
communicating with God have evolved and
grown exponentially from when it first
begun
now I understand ways that I can as I
would call it lay down a fleece for
example I can ask is this something that
needs to happen please give me this sign
and God will come back to me with a sign
to let me know if this is the way I
should go for something for the children
or not I can ask in other ways and I'll
receive a dream the reason I built this
village for special-needs children is
because I had a dream people who just
refer to that kind of stuff as simply
hallucinations I think that's a pretty
ignorant claim so the pineal gland I
have mentioned in many videos about this
wondrous gland that is centered within
the center of our brains it is often
referred to as the third eye it is known
in the Hindu faith quite clearly with
the spot that is used in the middle of
the head hi so I watch this video by
this guy called how to decalcify your
pineal gland he didn't actually talk
about how to decalcify it at all what he
said was basically the reason that we're
not having conscious experiences astral
projection awakenings is less to do with
our high gland being calcified and more
to do with our attitude vibrational
state our habits and how much effort we
actually put into it in the mind but
here's why I completely disagree with
that across all religions that have been
depictions of sacred beings holding pine
cones and the pine cone is a symbol of
the pineal gland within ourselves now
I've spoken in length predominantly on
Christianity and how the pineal gland
from all I can see is without any doubt
mentioned within the scriptures of
Christianity we're in the physical state
right now so until you can put your hand
through
you are bound to be physical reactions
of this dimension I mean if you're
putting poisonous things in your body
your physical pineal gland is going to
react to that you have first and
foremost in Jacob I have seen God face
to face and I call that place Peniel now
of course it's not spelled exactly the
same as pineal gland but I cannot
believe in a coincidence of such
magnitude that this gland that all of
the religions across the planet
throughout millenia have seen as sacred
is mentioned as a similar spelling
within the Bible and does not mean the
same thing what is very important for
you to know about the Ponyo gland is
that it is your hyperdimensional
stargate your spiritual antenna your
third eye it is your communication link
to higher dimensions the pineal gland
secretes melatonin and melatonin is only
a few shifts and changes away from being
DMT but also a melatonin is a skin
lightener another thing your pineal
gland does it naturally produces DMT
which is dimethyltryptamine and that's
naturally occurring psychedelic which is
what allows you to have vivid dreams and
visions people who just refer to that
kind of stuff is simply hallucinations I
think that's a pretty ignorant claim
people who have healthy active pineal
glands they are like antennas and they
can receive symbols and signs and tap
into other people's thoughts I mean it
also ties into ESP extrasensory
perception with this little gland in
your head and it is as I say filled with
fluid which has small tiny crystals
within it it is ultimately your
connection to higher dimensions of
reality I am just going to tell you how
to avoid calcification of your pineal
gland how to detox it and one of the
most important things to get fluoride
out of your diet fluoride is
magnetically attracted to the pond
glands sodium fluoride it is not good
for your teeth the lie is that it is
good for your teeth it's actually toxic
by-product totally attacks your pineal
gland and basically shuts it down
what 4i does is not only it calcifies
your pineal gland but it collects all
the heavy metals in your body led
arsenic mercury aluminum weight lowers
your IQ this is a Harvard study that
finds fluoride oh it lowers your IQ the
truth is fluoride is a poison and adding
it to our drinking water is an evolving
social experiment started 40 years ago
when it comes to toothpaste if you do
swallow contact a poison control center
well the amount of Floyd that they're
talking about is a pea-sized amount of
fluoride that's the same amount of Floyd
in 8 ounces of water fluoride it is
toxic and you need to know about this I
know it's banned in Europe but in Canada
in the United States it's still very
prevalent it's in a lot of tap water
it's in your toothpaste it's in a lot of
process for your junk food so you want
to get rid of fluoride altogether get
spring water or reverse osmosis God is
not so ridiculous and not sawed childish
as to put a portal to a demonic world
inside of you and if you were then he's
not very nice God busy another thing
vaccinations I don't want to get into a
whole vaccine debate but if there's a
local flu shot unless you're like 95
years old and you're frail or don't get
the flu shot
I mean it's look up what's in a vaccine
okay formaldehyde aluminum mercury all
that bad stuff just bad stuff for you as
time has gone on my ability and means
and ways of communicating with God have
evolved and grown exponentially from
when it first began now I understand
ways that I can as I would call it lay
down a fleece for example I can ask is
this something that needs to happen
please give me this sign and God will
come back to me with the same people who
just refer to that kind of stuff is
simply hallucinations I think that's a
pretty ignorant claim
[Music]
I feel a lot of people are confusing me
and and it's totally fine because
there's in the Worman aspect of the the
publicity of me and the things I've said
about spiritual matters and vlogging my
life here is the main channel where the
fundraising has came in but that doesn't
mean that I as in myself in the
organization are one we are to a degree
I and you know I build everything here
you know literally envisioned all that's
here myself and and with the team we
build it so it's in my soul it's
connected to me but myself and my
beliefs are not connected to how we run
this place because we are not wanting to
do that we're only on all we want to do
is help these children and help these
dogs and help all the people who need
help here and the other side of it the
things I express and share online are my
internal workings and my internal
beliefs and systems that allow me as a
human being to find the strength to keep
doing this because this is not easy and
especially at the moment while I'm
chronically ill it's not easy it's very
very difficult and I find myself I find
it relaxing to share my feelings with
the world I find it quite therapeutic
for whatever reason I guess the camera
became my friend while I was alone here
without my wife for all those years in
so much wear shape or form and the
problem I have is now I think people are
not seeing that area now I already in
the past I've had people cancel support
for children because of my personal
views that were shared and I'm hoping by
splitting and I'll still put the work on
my channel because it's part of my life
but by splitting the channel of making
it clear this is the charities channel
and this is the personal channel of the
man who started it and he has his own
beliefs but these are not the beliefs of
the charity that
can avoid this because at the end of the
day when people cancel support for these
children because they disagree with my
stance on or they don't understand
something someone near the dere said
that they would cancel their support
because here in Tanzania there are no
supplements and thus you can't force
children to be vegan because they'll
become have problems and health problems
and also it's wrong to raise children in
such poverty on supplements because they
will grow up and not be able to afford
them and not nor to include the things
in their diet that they need like having
some eggs from time to time and the raw
milk that everybody has here and fish
etc and I had someone who said they
wanted to cancel a support because of
that and I was thinking well that's okay
because I've got literally nowhere to
keep these children healthy unless they
do it you know this this is not the West
and I know people might not understand
if you're not being here but this is not
Europe you can't expect everybody to be
healthy never including anything that
has omegas or b12 etc it's just not okay
so I saw that my personal beliefs could
have a negative effect on the children
[Music]